MY COLORFUL FAMILY
GUGLIELMO MARCONI INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL
VIDEO
-MAKING CLASS
- ACTIVE CITIZENSHIP
This is me. Leone.
And this is my father Simone.
Simone's an anthropologist in theory,
but he gave up university
to run a restaurant downtown,
where the food is really good.
He's funny, athletic, self-confident,
and he's taught me so many things.
I'll make you eat that thing, okay?
And this is Paolo, my other dad.
Paolo's an architect with big ambitions,
but he's put them
aside for now as well
to dedicate himself to his furniture shop.
But he always encourages me
to be who I am.
But let's rewind to before I existed.
Paolo and Simone were a couple in love.
They'd been together five years,
and they felt ready to start a family.
But unfortunately in Italy, a couple
like them isn't allowed to adopt.
Everything changed when they met her.
This is Tilly.
Simone met her
at the University of California.
When he and Paolo spoke
to her about their great desire…
SURROGATE MOTHERHOOD
…she immediately offered to help them.
And thanks to Tilly,
I was born, to everyone's joy.
My childhood
was like that of lots of other kids,
and I never really saw my family
as any different.
While I was growing up,
society was divided,
and people took to the streets,
some in favor of the traditional family,
others to include
all sorts of families, like ours.
I was 11 when at last, my parents
were able to celebrate a civil union.
They were officially a couple,
even under the law.
With this ring,
I take you to be my husband.
I declare you husband and husband.
Civil unions were a great victory, sure,
but two people of the same sex
couldn't be on a birth certificate.
The report can only be given
to one of the boy's parents.
But I am one of his parents!
I don't know what else…
So, on my Italian birth certificate,
you can only have one parent…
Dad, I told you
to bring the authorization…
And Paolo was still
the only one on mine.
But a few months ago,
we got some good news.
Here they are!
Can you explain to me why
today's such an important day for us?
Leone, at least wait till we get dressed.
Come on, Dad, a
couple of words. Come on.
As absurd as it seems,
since I've been your father for 15 years,
as of today, I'm finally going to have
my name on your birth certificate.
Today the mayor of Fiumicino,
with a degree of courage,
has agreed to transcribe
the American birth certificate
that lists both Paolo
and Simone as my parents.
So everything's fine, then?
Actually, no,
because my parents told me
that this certificate could be… annulled.
What do you think?
It's good, isn't it?
Yeah, it's good,
but it seems a bit short. No?
Mirante and Fabbri's is an hour.
It's boring, though, all about
the social structure of ants.
We've got the family,
social struggles, real life.
Yeah, I know, it's…
I dunno. There's something missing.
What's missing is a good twist.
Such as?
Such as revealing who your real father is.
You still going on about that?
They both are.
How can you not know
who your biological father is?
You must have
asked yourself a million times.
Who's she?
The French girl?
Get in line.
She's just got here, and she'll want
to be moving in the right circles.
She's not gonna be interested in us.
Told you so.
What the fuck's so funny?
Remember, your videos will be shown
at the end of the year.
The whole school and your families
will be there.
Leone, how's your video
on LGBT rights in Europe?
Fine, yeah,
fine.
We're telling it
through the story of my own family.
My only doubt is whether
it might be a little too personal.
Your generation
uploads every moment onto social networks.
I think you know well the extent
to which the private is public.
And starting from personal experience
is the right way
to deal with any topic.
Immigration, the environment,
civil rights, solidarity…
All very interesting topics.
A good demonstration of awareness.
Work hard now, all of you!
Work with your hearts. I mean it, okay?
Goodbye.
Well done. That's the way. Down!
I know you've just discovered
masturbation, but don't overdo it!
I brought you the stuff.
Well done, Leone.
Go, that's good.
Go, Michela.
Goodness.
What the fuck's so funny?
The girls, they'll save us…
You can see you're not into jerking off.
Jerking off, yeah… but I didn't
smoke a doobie before class.
You have to test
the quality of your product.
Sure.
Have you seen the new guy climbing?
He's good.
Well done.
And he's in with Frenchie.
Cool, tall, strong,
with the most beautiful girl in school,
and I bet he gets good grades
without fucking studying.
I'm having a party at my house tonight.
Okay.
-So what?
-I'm inviting you, loser.
Ten o'clock. A lot of people are coming.
We need some blow.
Sure, as much as you want.
Okay.
I'm not going to that party.
-No, Leone…
-I'm not going.
-Do me this favor.
Come on, damn. What'll it cost you?
Why don't you want to go?
We'll have a couple of doobies
and a drink.
Okay, all right,
only because you're begging.
You're a true friend!
-Stop it!
-Thank you.
Jacopo!
I haven't forgotten about you!
Excuse me, sir.
I have a stomach ache.
I have to go to the bathroom.
Leone!
Leone, dinner's ready!
Coming!
Listen, Leone, this thing
you're making with Jacopo,
for school…
Do you really have to broadcast
our business to the whole world?
Aren't you proud?
We've raised an activist.
Yeah, or an opportunist
who exploits his parents' struggles
for a good grade at school.
It seems to me
it's still a good cause.
Okay, yeah,
but I will never authorize
the use of images
where I don't look splendid and young.
There won't be any images of you
in the video, then, unfortunately.
I might be able to use two or three
if I touch them up.
Enough!
It's Tilly, guys!
-Hello, Tilly!
-Hey!
Our fault. It was our turn to come.
-Twenty years together!
-Yeah!
Twenty years!
Cool, no?
Thank you.
Come on, Leone, we just got here.
Please, let's enjoy the evening.
What the fuck are they doing?
Dario! Will you stop being a jerk?
Are these people insane?
I'm going for a smoke.
See you later.
Is this one just for you?
What?
You're such an idiot.
Leave me alone.
He likes fighting people.
It's like a hobby.
Shut up, Anna.
What are you drinking?
-Will you keep me company?
-Me? Sure.
I hate parties.
They're always full of idiots.
Which is why Dario likes them.
He's always got someone to fight with.
Yeah, in effect, your boyfriend
is a bit viol… decisive.
My boyfriend? You mean Dario?
-Yeah.
-He's not my boyfriend.
No?
It's just you seemed so…
-So he's…
-My twin brother.
Twin brother.
I'd say your brother's
settled in pretty quickly.
With those morons?
No.
He tries to play the alpha male,
but he's not like them.
We're nothing like each other.
Like, I love being here in Italy,
but he misses that dump of Lille.
-You lived in Lille?
-Yeah.
A nice city, Lille.
-No, it's a dump.
-Yeah.
It's cold and always raining.
Yeah, Rome's warmer.
Yes, it's warmer,
but then there's winter here…
It's definitely warmer, yeah.
Exactly.
And then it's huge. In Lille,
after a while, you've met everyone.
Well, it's not like we're
in New York here.
No, but at least there are
lots of different people and…
For example, I've never met anyone
with two fathers.
I saw you were preparing
that video for school.
I like this song. Let's go.
-Come on.
-No, I'll watch you.
DAD SIMONE,
COME AND GET US AS LATE AS POSSIBLE!
NOT FOR AT LEAST 2 HOURS! OKAY?
Did you like the wine?
I suggested it
because I love that marriage
between the robust Cabernet Sauvignon
and the splendid Mediterranean
framing of the Bolgheri,
which gives it that…
Can we get the dessert menu?
-Of course.
-Thank you.
Michela, take the dessert menu
to that table there,
and then give me the cordless.
I can't find my fucking cell,
and I have to call my son.
Sure, I'll get it.
Getting old, uh?
I can't dance.
Come on, relax.
Riccardo?
Riccardo.
I've been calling you for over an hour.
What are you doing?
Can you come to my place
when you close up?
Nothing! You're not answering.
What's going on?
Are you at the restaurant
or with the ball and chain?
Oh, God.
Love, I'm starting to worry.
If this is revenge for the other night,
I'll make you pay for it.
Oh, God.
No, that's not true… But call me.
"Love"?
No.
Don't fuck up!
No!
SIMONE, ANSWER!
SORRY, I CAN'T TALK NOW. I'M AT HOME.
AT HOME? SO I WON'
T SEE YOU TONIGHT?
NO, I CAN'T TONIGHT.
IN FACT… GIVE ME SOME SPACE
FOR A WHILE, RIGHT.
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
MAYBE WE GOT IT ALL WRONG!
ARE YOU OUT OF YOUR MIND?
YOU REALIZE THIS AFTER TWO YEARS?
PLEASE, LOVE, WHAT'S HAPPENING!
Two years!
What the fuck do you want?
Lavinia's friends ended up being nice.
I expected worse.
Sure they all think
they're who-knows-what.
There's Jonathan, who claims to be
a trapper, but I listened to his song.
I come from the ghetto
And I'll bury you
I'm a sniper
And I'll shoot you
Basically, it's shit,
but in the end, they're all enjoying,
so chill!
What do you want?
Leo, you're my best friend.
I'll always share everything with you.
We'll be best friends forever!
Yeah, you as well.
But that's enough now.
Dad's coming in half an hour, you're eyes
are red, and you're all sweaty!
I swapped with the guys.
Look.
What the fuck's that?
In my scientific opinion,
it's a finely balanced combination
of ecstasy and amphetamine.
-Come on, take it back.
-No, try it, Leone.
Leone, it's the bomb!
I'm flying!
Take it!
-No.
-Put it in your pocket.
My dad's coming in a half-hour!
-There's no more time, then.
-What?
We have to do it now!
What?
A swim, Leo!
Get out, Jacopo!
Paolo.
What are you doing here?
Simone is cheating on me.
What do I do now?
Sorry.
He'll leave me.
I know it. He'll leave me.
Listen to me.
You know how much I love you.
And you know I'd do anything for you.
But in Simone's shoes,
I'd already have dumped you a while ago.
-What the fuck are you saying?
-Yeah.
Since Leo was born,
you haven't thought about anything
other than baby food,
diapers, pediatricians, vaccinations,
then homework, training, teachers…
-And?
-English courses, a Chinese course…
Where did your relationship go?
Where did Eros go?
After 20 years of marriage, where's Eros?
I don't know. He left.
He's on vacation.
I thought our relationship
was built on other things.
-On love, I thought.
-So let's talk about love.
How long is it
since you looked Simone in the eyes?
Since you asked him how he is,
what his thoughts are, his fears?
We have so little time.
You need to find the time, Paolo!
I'm speaking out of experience.
Carlo?
Carlo.
-You mean Carlo, Carlo? Our Carlo?
-Our Carlo, yes.
Twenty-six years old.
Yoga teacher.
A chest like two green apples
hanging on a branch,
flexible like a mannequin,
and an ass like solid marble.
That Carlo?
Yes, that Carlo.
I wanted to surprise him, so I went
to pick him up at the yoga studio,
and I caught them in the car.
She was in the position
"blowjob on the driver."
That whore!
What do you think I should have done?
What?
Rip him a new one. Ruin him.
But I didn't. I didn't.
I forgave him.
I knew it was also my fault.
Do you know what I did?
I proposed a threesome.
What?
A three-way.
I know what a threesome is,
but you didn't…?
Don't worry, that whore said no.
But you see my point?
I didn't give up.
I fought to win him
back, and I did it.
Mom, what's a whore?
Love, where did you hear that word?
You said it.
Get to bed right now.
You have school tomorrow.
-Good night, uncle.
-Good night, honey.
She's got antenna-like ears.
Have you seen my phone by any chance?
No.
Guess what this is.
-What is it?
-Guess what it is.
No.
They said measure the density of a liquid.
They didn't say what liquid.
And this has a high content
of delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol.
Hey, guys. What are you up to?
Nothing.
Herbal decoction.
Those herbs?
-Yeah, those herbs.
-Have you tried it?
Not yet.
How about trying it tonight?
I can't tonight.
It's my parents' 20th anniversary.
That's nice. Anything planned?
Nothing, just dinner at home,
a cake, sparkling wine…
Too bad.
But you guys could come, though.
It won't be like yesterday's party,
but if you bring your--
Leo, you know how
much I love your family,
but spare me dinner with your folks.
He's right. It'll be criminally boring.
I do like the idea.
Yeah?
After yesterday,
I could use a quiet night.
And my mother won't make a fuss
if we're with your folks.
Can I come even if Jacopo doesn't?
Yes, of course.
-Okay. Can you send me the address?
-Sure.
Leone?
I just sold this chemistry exercise
for 60 euros
to the janitor!
Why are you laughing?
Did you try it?
No, she…
-She tried it?
-No, she didn't try it either.
I'll explain later.
-We'll try it later, okay?
-Yeah.
It's embarrassing.
My family will be there.
They'll treat me like a baby for sure.
What's the problem?
Talking to her
seemed like Mission Impossible.
Now you're complaining
that she's coming over?
True love!
Mr. Paolo said just to set for six.
Yeah, that's fine, Mariela.
Paolo's parents aren't coming,
Monica and Carlo aren't bringing anyone,
and Leone's bringing a girl.
-Thanks, Mariela.
-You're welcome.
Come on, Paolo!
You're a 52-year-old homosexual.
You've seen it all.
You'll survive this betrayal
and this evening as well.
What are you doing?
Talking to the mirror, sir?
-What?
-Everything's ready.
Mr. Simone and Leone
are finishing cooking. I'm going.
Happy anniversary, sir.
Yes, thank you. Goodbye.
Come on.
-Good evening!
-Good evening.
Elisa Del Monte.
Leone, isn't it?
Yes, Ferrari.
Hi, Anna. Dario.
It was very kind of you
to invite Anna. I'll be off,
but I wanted to wish your folks
all the best on their anniversary.
Yes. Dad!
Good evening.
-Good evening. I'm Paolo.
-Elisa. Pleased to meet you.
-Hello. You must be Anna.
-Yes.
-Hello.
-And that's Dario.
Hi, Dario.
What a beautiful house.
Thank you.
I wanted to thank you for the invitation
and to congratulate you on this milestone.
Anna told me it's 15 years.
Actually, it's 20.
Well, my most sincere
congratulations, then!
If your wife's here,
I'll congratulate her as well.
She must be busy.
We'll get to know each other another time.
Hello. Anna's mom, I presume?
-Yes, hello.
-Hello. Simone.
You're the cook.
No, though I do cook well.
I'm Leone's other father.
Ah, of course, yes.
I bet someone forgot to mention
today's the anniversary of two men?
Maybe…
Yes. In fact, yes.
Anna, you should have told me,
making me look silly.
It's not a problem.
No, it really isn't a problem,
of course not.
It's just that I didn't know, so…
All the best!
Thank you.
I was just saying to…
-Paolo.
-Yes, my husband.
-Exactly, yes.
-His husband.
Exactly.
I need to run now. Thank you. Goodbye.
-Bye.
-Goodbye.
Goodbye.
-Leo.
-I had told her.
Everyone at school knows.
It's not a problem, come on.
What?
-Hello.
-Simone, nice to meet you.
-You too. Anna.
-Come in.
-Thank you.
So you're not from Rome, Anna.
No, I just got here.
She's new.
She started at my school this year.
Anna, sorry if I say this,
but you should have warned your mom
that this is a family with two dads.
Why? Does it need to be specified?
I just wanted to see her face.
My mother plays
the modern, open, progressive woman,
but she only understands
the traditional family structure.
But if you tell her she's homophobic,
she replies she has--
Lots of gay friends!
Yes!
Exactly. But I've never met them.
The truth is she can't stand
the idea of a family like yours
maybe being happier than her own.
Who can that be?
It'll be Mariela.
She'll have forgotten her bag again.
Wait, I've got it.
Can you get the
cake out of the fridge?
Sure.
Of course.
Coming!
Why are you here, Riccardo?
Are you crazy?
I've been calling since yesterday.
Why the fuck aren't you answering
your phone?
-Because I lost it!
-Yeah, you lost it!
If you have something to say to me,
say it to my face!
Or is that too much to ask?
I don't know what the fuck's wrong
with you, but you can't be here!
We can talk about it later.
I have to go back inside now.
-To celebrate your anniversary?
-Yeah, so what?
Well done! How sweet!
He knows you've been screwing
someone else for two years?
For fuck's sake, shut up!
My son's here, my in-laws…
-Who cares?
-Keep your voice down!
-Simone, who is it?
-It's a work thing. I'm coming!
You wanna calm down?
What are you thinking, coming here?
Get out of here!
At least have the courage
to look me in the eye and tell me.
Tell you what?
If I think of all
the bullshit you fed me,
that you'd leave him,
that you'd come live with me.
And I believed it like an idiot…
I can't believe you're creating
a scene outside my home.
I don't want to be with someone
who reacts like this
when I don't answer the phone!
Want a hand with the cake?
Who's that?
He had him come here on our anniversary.
What are you doing?
You wanna make a scene
in front of everyone?
Let me go. I've already been patient
long enough!
Please, let me go.
Calm down. Listen to me. Listen.
I'll tell you what we're gonna do.
We'll go in there, sit down, eat,
and somehow we'll make it
to the end of the evening.
Then, afterwards,
very calmly and level-headed,
you'll deal with this with Simone.
All right?
Reasonable, the way you know how to be.
-All right?
-All right.
Maybe you'll see things
aren't exactly how you think.
-Exactly, because…
-Because what?
-People exaggerate, don't they?
-Yes.
Maybe that's true.
No!
I'm gonna kill him.
You want Leone to find out
in front of his friend?
Not to mention Carlo, who already
thinks your marriage is a farce.
It is… a farce.
That's what it's become.
There are lots of beautiful things
to see in Rome.
More than Rome, Dad, Anna wanted
to see places just outside Rome.
What do you think about taking her
to Guadagnolo, Dad?
-Guadagnolo?
-Yeah.
Ah, lovely, it's beautiful,
do you remember, Carlo?
Yeah, it's beautiful.
-Couldn't you wait to cut the cake?
-No.
So can we go?
Yes.
Who was at the door?
A supplier from the restaurant.
Sorry, I know it wasn't the ideal time,
but I lost my phone,
so he couldn't reach me.
A supplier?
-Of course.
-Is this vegan cream?
So now the restaurant suppliers
come to our home? At night?
I told you.
-He couldn't get hold of me.
-Of course.
-Suppliers busting our balls!
-Calm down.
On the evening of our anniversary!
-Yes.
-Stop it.
And as if that's not enough,
the suppliers kiss the master
of the house in the garden!
-Have you gone mad?
-Tell me the truth!
What's happening?
Ask your father!
Did you really kiss the supplier?
Dad?
-What does this mean?
-Nothing.
I'm just sorry for Anna,
who has to witness a scene
of hysteria from him there. I mean…
No problem.
-Why do you have my phone?
-Because you forgot it. That's why.
-You said you hadn't seen it.
-Well, I saw it!
And I also saw all the messages
from Riccardo.
-Who's Riccardo?
-The supplier!
He's been supplying Simone
for two years, right?
-Yes, yes, two years.
-Dad?
I'll explain everything calmly.
How could you do this?
How the fuck could you do this to me?
I trusted you.
Not that much, obviously,
since you went nosing in my cellphone.
Sure, now it's my fault
for catching you red-handed!
What were you fucking thinking,
reading my messages?
-Don't change the subject!
-Not in front of the kids.
We'll talk about it later.
And we can also talk about
our separation.
You're a piece of shit!
Where the fuck are you going?
I ruined our marriage,
and since it's all my fault,
I'm leaving. You happy?
Yes, I'm happy!
Now who's being hysterical?
-Who's being hysterical?
-Dad!
-Where are you going?
-I'm leaving!
Of course! Go on, then! Go!
You ruined everything!
Who's that?
-The supplier again?
-Carlo.
-No, I'll go.
-Leone, please stay out of this!
-Will you let me past?
-I'll go.
-Don't go to the door!
-You just need to shut up!
Nice shitty evening, huh?
My folks never did anything
but scream at each other.
Then they broke up,
and things went much better.
We're still going tomorrow to Guada…
-Guadagnolo.
-Guadagnolo, okay?
-Yeah.
-Okay.
Anna…
Go on, get out! Fuck off!
It's the first thing I saw.
It was a really lovely surprise, but…
Where are you going?
Guys…
I love both of you.
We love you as well.
Any other time, it would've been
lovely to be together, but…
Yeah, well done. Go. Go on!
Go fuck yourself!
And don't ever come back!
Who is it?
FORGIVE ME IF YOU CAN… I LOVE YOU.
Oh, screw you!
-Hi.
-Her fault. I was ready a half-hour ago.
I heard the rock wall
at Guadagnolo is amazing.
My mom said I could come
only if he came too.
Of course.
It's dangerous to go out
with the son of two hysterical gay men.
Did you tell her about last night?
No. My mother needs to concentrate
on her own problems.
And your mother, Tilly?
She is your mother, right?
What did she say?
No, she's not my mother.
She's my carrier, my Dede.
That's what I call her.
It's a long story.
Yesterday, when I was watching you,
you looked like a really nice family.
It's a shame.
But I was trying to figure out
who your biological father was.
But I couldn't.
You have something from both of them.
Is it Simone or Paolo?
I don't know.
What?
We don't know.
Do we have to talk about it now?
Of course we do.
You know what a cocktail is?
I'm the child of a sort of cocktail.
My parents got a test tube
and mixed their…
Sperm?
Yeah… that.
That's it.
Then with the egg of a donor,
that mix formed an embryo
that was placed in Tilly's belly,
and after nine months, I came out.
Are you following this?
I think so.
WILL YOU GIVE ME ANOTHER CHANCE?
Beautiful, huh?
It was worth it in the end.
Great. The rock wall is brilliant.
Are you guys climbing too?
-Up there?
-Yes.
I'll pass.
Leone, you?
It's a bit high.
I brought equipment for you,
and I'm here if need be.
-I'll go up and prepare the route.
-I'll film the ascent.
You don't have to do it.
No, I can do it.
Are you sure?
-He's good, eh?
-Yeah, he's good.
-Very good.
-Very.
It's easy, come on.
Rope!
Okay, I'll go.
Take your time, Leone.
Look for the grips for your feet
and hands, and climb slowly.
Good.
That one there.
Go.
-There.
-How's it going?
Okay.
-Put your hand there.
-Here?
In front of your knee.
Look for a grip there.
Go. Well done.
Good.
Easy.
Leo, you okay?
Yeah.
Get back on the wall.
Please, be careful.
Go.
Careful!
You okay?
Okay. Come on.
That's it.
Hand.
Well done!
You made it, see?
You did really well.
Without you, I'd still be hanging there.
She's not going to
post the video, is she?
Why not? You'd make
a good impression if she did.
You proved your courage.
Why not?
I wish I had the same courage
in other areas.
I like being with you.
Really.
It's rare to find guys like you.
And that makes me think, because
finally…
You're the first gay guy I've liked.
I don't know what to do.
But I'm not gay.
-What do you mean?
-I'm not gay.
But your folks are fags. I mean…
-My folks…
-No.
-I don't believe this.
-I didn't mean that. Leone.
Anna told me as well.
How can you not be gay?
My parents are gay!
And I'm not! Yours are straight,
and you clearly aren't!
It's not a contagious disease
that you catch!
Are you gonna tell anyone?
You'll keep it to yourself?
Good boy.
-Leone, are you okay?
-Your brother's an asshole.
Sorry, but he still hasn't
come to grips with this.
You knew.
-You did this to set me up with him.
-No!
Yes, I knew he liked you,
and I thought you liked him too.
That's why you were
so interested in my folks.
Always so sweet and nice.
You even wanted to come to my house.
I just wanted to help him.
Look, all my life, people have called
me a fag because of my parents.
I'm sorry to let you down.
It'd be great if I were gay.
But I'm simply not.
I'm not.
You really haven't
figured out why I'm here?
Because I like you, Anna. You.
I thought you were here for me.
My fault.
Sorry.
Hi, Dad.
Hey, love. How'd your trip go?
It went.
How are you?
Fine.
I see you've changed things a bit.
Yes, I did a bit of cleaning.
Are you hungry?
Want something to eat?
No.
Sorry, what are you doing?
Cleaning up a bit.
You're throwing out Dad's wine?
You mean your father's pretentious
little wine collection? Yes.
It mattered to him.
Only because he got
his sommelier's certificate.
And this?
I'm sorry, Dad.
I'm gonna go to bed.
I'm a bit tired.
I'm sorry.
It wasn't meant to go like that.
I was a dickhead. I admit it.
There, good boy.
Well done.
But…
I don't believe you don't want me anymore.
The chemistry teacher
liked the decoction, it seems.
He must have tried it.
He gave me 10 out of 10.
Leone.
How long do you plan to ignore me?
Can I remind you we
go to the same school?
Leone, I'm going home.
Anna, leave me alone.
What do I have to do?
Get down on one knee?
-If you want, I will.
-This is all a joke to you, isn't it?
Don't exaggerate.
I couldn't have known that--
What? That I'm not gay?
Sorry, my fault for not telling you.
No, Leone.
Stop!
You weren't wrong.
About what?
The fact that I like you a little.
Your father's there.
The cool one.
We'll talk about it later.
Yeah.
Hey.
What are you doing here?
I wanted to be with
my son for a while.
You want something to eat?
A nice pizza?
Dad's hurting, and you don't give a shit.
It's not easy for me either.
You're the one responsible for this mess.
I had a secret relationship for months.
I'm a shit. I'm dishonest, I know.
But don't think it's all my fault.
Things are never black or white.
We got to this point together.
Sometimes things go a way that
you find yourself in something.
You don't even know how.
You don't know.
I tried, Leo.
We tried. But it didn't work.
What I did is wrong, I know.
But it's a consequence, not a cause.
Do you understand that?
I don't know.
Listen, you wanna tell me about Anna?
-She seems like a cool one to me.
-Are you coming home?
-Did you go for a hike?
-Dad, are you coming home?
I don't know. Not now.
I'll always be there for you.
Always.
You'll never be free of me.
So, this pizza?
Where can we go?
Another time, Dad, okay?
IMPORTANT NEWS TO TELL YOU IN PERSON.
MY OFFICE TOMORROW MORNING.
That's all we needed.
Guys, I'm sorry
to have to give you this news,
but the Supreme Court has come out
against double paternity.
What?
So we're not both parents now
in the eyes of the law?
And now?
They might ask you to go back
to the previous situation.
That is, to where legally
I'm Leo's only parent, right?
-No, why?
-That's not certain.
Because you've never wanted
to know who Leone's father is,
they might ask for further investigations.
Unfortunately, for example,
they might ask for a DNA test.
So we could be forced to take a test
to see who the biological father is?
It's possible, indeed.
It's very likely.
No! This sounds like something
the Nazis would've done.
We should just go back
to the previous situation!
Why? It's not up to you!
It's the law, no me!
-The law says something else.
-The previous situation.
Italian law is for favor veritatis
rather than favor minoris.
-What the fuck does that mean?
-I'll explain.
The determination of parenthood
in this country
is only established through
the genetic link with the child.
-Only?
-Only.
Only, sure.
I don't know, Domenico.
Being forced like this.
Doing a DNA test
would be traumatic for all of us
and especially for Leo, I mean…
I'M HERE, BUT WHERE R U?
Behind you, but keep your eyes closed.
Why?
Did you get me a present?
Yes.
This.
Do you like it?
Why me?
Because you've been nice.
Yeah?
-When?
-Always.
Even when you were swinging
on that rock wall.
God, no, please delete that video.
I can't.
It's in here,
and it'll stay there forever.
-Are you sure?
-Yes.
Then you won't…
Oh, God, are you sure?
I'm not ready for a scene.
Don't worry. Paolo's at a trade fair,
and Leone's at the park.
It won't take long.
What's he done?
He's changed everything.
-I don't have a lot. It won't take long.
-You're really only taking books?
Everything else is his.
The shop, the house,
the restaurant, they're all Paolo's.
From all the years spent together,
I have nothing.
The only thing of value I have
are my bottles in the kitchen.
Actually, they're there on the rack.
Can you get them?
We'll take them to the restaurant?
Sure.
This is mine.
I gave this to him ten years ago!
-He never even opened it.
-I can't see them!
Wait, I'm coming.
I told you, the rack on the right.
No.
No!
-Did he throw all your wine away?
-No!
I can't believe it!
No!
The Sassicaia as well! No!
The piece of shit!
You'll pay for this.
-Calm down.
-Don't touch me!
Where is it?
There, you like your Prada?
Stop it.
Get off!
No, don't touch me!
I haven't finished!
Leave it! What the fuck are you doing?
Come on, forget it.
Simo, it's not worth it!
It's not worth it.
Forget it.
There's a bag there.
Okay.
He's got enough tranquilizers
for a psych ward.
Don't go there.
No, that's Leone's.
-Your son uses this?
-Mm-hmm.
So this is Leone's hair?
Yeah.
If they force you
to take the DNA test,
it might be a good idea
to have the answer in advance, right?
Leone will never do it. Forget it.
Yes, but there are hair bulbs here,
and hair bulbs contain DNA.
Do you wanna be caught unprepared?
I'll deal with it.
No!
What happened?
Look!
Look at what he's capable of.
Was that Dad?
He came here
and slashed my Prada!
Is it maybe because
you threw away his wine, Dad?
And him? What did he throw away?
He flushed our whole family
down the toilet!
It's never just the fault
of one person, Dad.
It's him.
He's filling your head
with bullshit. Tell the truth.
Of course, he went
to school. You saw him!
Listen to me.
You mustn't speak with him ever again.
Do you understand?
You mustn't ever see him again, never!
Don't you think you're exaggerating, Dad?
Exaggerating? Me?
-Whose side are you on, love?
-I'm not on anyone's side, Dad!
All right, you wanna
go and live with him?
Go and live with him!
Go! You leave me as well! Go!
You're impossible to talk to!
You always have been!
You don't fucking listen, Dad!
Look, do what you like.
Just leave me alone.
Hello?
Domenico, it's me.
We have to tear him a new one.
-Take him to the cleaners!
-Don't be like that.
No, you don't understand.
This is war!
Did she give you that?
Okay.
It'll never happen to me.
I'm jealous.
No, thanks.
Oh, what's with this face?
My folks.
I never thought I'd see them
torment each other like children.
Why don't you film them?
This is the twist
we were looking for. It's perfect!
What the fuck are you talking about?
It'll make our project shine.
Listen, Jacopo. We're not making
the documentary anymore, okay?
-Who decided that?
-I did.
This is my family! I decide.
It's also my end-of-year assignment.
We did it together
from the very beginning.
You know the effort I put into it.
You can't do this!
Leone!
They're two shitty people.
I don't want anything more
to do with them, you understand?
Put it in the documentary.
Say what you think.
"They're two shitty people." Go!
Start with a happy scene, and then--
Fuck you, Jacopo!
This is what happens to everyone, Leone.
Welcome to the real world.
Wasn't that the point?
To show that your family's
as shitty as mine?
As everyone's?
Fuck you.
…the wine in the cellar.
How much would we save?
Ale, please, don't joke around.
We need the microwave.
I think instead, we don't need
the work surface in Carrara marble.
How much is the mosaic?
What do you think?
Too much, I think.
I'll smash your face in,
you fucking dickhead!
He's gonna hear from me!
-Hey, dickhead!
-Maybe mosaic isn't such a bad idea.
Where the fuck is he?
-Get down here!
-One moment.
I'll go and see if we have
any mosaic on special.
I'll be right back.
What are you doing here?
Where the fuck are you going?
What the fuck are you doing?
What the fuck does this mean?
You can't sell the restaurant!
If I'm not mistaken, the property is mine.
We had an agreement.
I ran your place and contributed
to the family expenses.
Sure, we also had
another agreement called marriage.
But I'm sorry.
We don't have that anymore!
What the fuck are you doing?
Don't put your hands on me! Don't…
I want you to immediately cancel the sale!
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
We're issuing threats now.
Wait a moment, excuse me.
-There.
-God, what a clown you are!
Come on, talk now, talk! Go.
I gave up my PhD
because I had to work to contribute
to the upkeep of the family!
-You asked me to!
-And what about me?
I could've been a great architect,
and here I am selling shitty kitchens!
You're free now! Go! Go!
Just leave us alone, Leone and me!
-You're free, go!
-Leave Leone out of this, Paolo!
Help! He's threatening me! Help!
-Help!
-Don't try to turn him against me
because I really won't be responsible
for my actions, I won't!
Don't touch me!
I'll call the police!
-Yeah?
-All right?
-Will you stop it?
-What?
Stop acting like Leo is only your son.
Leone is only my son.
You can see it clearly!
He looks like me!
Paolo, this madness
about the physical resemblance
only exists in your sick mind.
Leone loves music, history,
the mountains, animals, like me!
Sure, you love animals?
When you eat them roasted!
I'm going to ask the lawyer
for custody of Leone.
You poor deluded fool! Really?
No judge in their right mind
would trust you with a dog,
much less a son!
Leone's my son.
Do you want to bet?
Yes, let's bet. Either way,
we'll soon know for sure.
Excuse me? Why would we…
Because…
Just because!
You did the DNA test, didn't you?
Yes.
So what?
Watch out, Paolo.
After 20 years, you still don't know
what I'm capable of.
Threaten me! I've recorded everything!
Come on, threaten me!
I've recorded everything.
Fuck! It didn't start recording! Fuck!
Fuck, there's no special on mosaic!
What kind of shop
doesn't have mosaic on special?
So you and I…
What?
I mean, are we together?
-Well, yes. We're in the same room.
-Come on. Be serious.
I don't know. You tell me.
I'd like that.
So?
Yes, so?
You wanna go out with me?
-Is that a yes?
-Yes.
Yes.
-Yes?
-My gay boyfriend.
-That's enough of that.
-Don't get upset.
-You promised to lock him in his room.
-I did.
-With the key?
-Yes.
-Okay.
But you must've asked yourself
at least once.
Everyone does.
I thought I was in love
with a girlfriend of mine.
But then I kissed her,
and we just started laughing.
You?
Nothing?
I…
I thought about it, I asked myself,
and I even asked my folks.
They said, "If you were,
you wouldn't be asking us now."
For me, you can be whatever you like,
as long as you like me.
Are you sure
your mother isn't coming back?
-Yes. Very sure.
-Okay.
Send a message to your folks.
Say you're staying over here.
Okay.
-Is this your first time?
-I…
Yeah. You?
No, but it'll be different with you.
No, no, come in…
I'm finished. I'll go get dressed
in my room. Come in.
Leone, sorry.
Yeah, I have to say sorry
for the other day, the way I behaved.
I'm sorry, I was a dick.
I was never able to say it to anyone,
not even to myself,
and for some reason,
I was able to say it to you.
Now I feel freer and lighter.
If you like, we can be friends.
Well, if you teach me
to climb like you, maybe…
All right, I'll teach you
to climb like me. Come here.
-Dario!
-Mom!
-Dario, open this door!
-Do it, or she'll think…
Dario!
What's wrong, Mom?
What's going on in this house!
Why's Dario in the bathroom with him?
And why are you half-naked?
Open the door!
-I'll say, "Mom, I'm a fag."
-You can't say that.
She'll think you're having sex with me!
I'll jump out the window.
You do whatever the fuck you like!
Dario, open this door!
Mom.
Yes, you got it right. I'm gay.
And thanks to Leone,
I finally managed to face the truth
and understand who I really am.
Mom, I'm gay.
-Explain properly.
-"Explain properly"?
I don't care about you or your parents.
What have my parents to do with it?
But this is a normal house!
Get it? Normal!
-Normal, Mom?
-Why? What's not normal?
-Can we still say that word?
-No, you can't, Mom!
Aren't I allowed to want
what's best for my children?
Normal, like Dad fucking
a girl not much older than me?
Or like you searching for cocks online?
Don't you dare! What do you know?
You're still a kid! You're all kids!
Go to your room.
You get the hell out of here.
No, he stays here. Mom!
Dario, honey, you know you can talk
to me about anything, right?
It's normal to be confused
at your age, I can assure you.
You just have to avoid
the wrong experiences. Is that clear?
Mom, those are the experiences
I want! Stop it!
So, you and him, last night…
No!
Mom, you're ridiculous.
As usual, you haven't understood a thing!
Actually, I love your daughter, ma'am.
No, wait, right. You…
Dario… Leone…
Enough! Go to school.
All of you out of here! One, two, three!
Out of here! Go!
Well done.
It's here.
How many of you are there?
Send message.
Who is it?
Hey.
Am I interrupting?
No, I wasn't expecting you,
but come in.
This is for you.
For me?
It's not really a Prada.
I can't afford that at the moment,
but it's really similar.
Almost identical.
Yeah, in fact, it says "Frada."
Thank you.
Thank you, Paolo, I mean it.
I really appreciated your gesture.
Of course.
I didn't expect you to give me
the restaurant practically for nothing.
I only did it for Leone.
Sure, for Leone.
Basically, what we both want
is for the good of…
our son.
Why are you ashamed to say it?
Our son.
Our son, yes.
We saw him being born
growing up, learning to walk, ride a bike.
To fall off it.
Someone wanted to take
the training wheels off.
Well, it was time. I mean,
he was old enough, he seemed--
He wasn't even four--
-Sorry.
-No, I'm sorry.
What matters is we were there for him
at the difficult moments.
We were there for the important moments.
Yeah.
Above all, we managed to teach him values,
to help him become someone
who's responsible, independent,
compassionate.
Yes.
We can be proud of him.
Right, listen, excuse me, Simone.
If we didn't care about the DNA
before, why should we care now?
But that's what I think!
Yeah?
Paolo,
I'm telling you the truth.
We can't change what happened,
but now we have to
move on responsibly, no?
And with respect.
We agree.
You know, a little while ago,
I was in his room, and Leone
has all his things here, his world…
It would be nice
if he could keep feeling at home
both at your place and at mine.
Paolo, at mine?
At mine.
At yours?
At mine and at yours.
At mine?
You're a great man, Paolo.
I have to admit it.
But I don't know how I'll react when I see
Leone walking out of this house.
Why? Because he'll come to see me
once a week? That's all it is.
Don't fuck with me now.
What do you mean?
Simone, we can think
what we like, all right?
We might even become friends
again in the future.
But from a legal point of view,
Leone will have to live with you.
With me?
-With you!
-What?
Don't start again.
Simone, you're the biological father!
Me? But you are, Paolo!
Stop! You know very well it's you!
-Paolo, don't joke about this!
-No, you stop. Please!
Me? Joking? I would never joke
about something like this!
You really are a clown.
-Read this.
-Look at this.
What the fuck does this mean?
Together, you and me, we don't share
even 0.1 percent of Leone's DNA.
Good Lord, we've nothing to do with him.
We've nothing in common with our son!
What the fuck does this mean?
What is all this?
What does it mean?
Is this a joke?
What the fuck does it mean?
Here's Leone.
Hey.
Hi, Leo.
What are you doing here, together?
What's happening?
Sit down, Leone.
We need to talk to you.
We have to explain something.
Something's happened
that we really weren't expecting.
No.
That's my name on it.
Yes, it's your name. Yes.
Is that a test?
Yes, it's a test. Yes.
What kind?
DNA?
Yes, DNA.
You did a DNA test?
-Yeah.
-Without even asking me!
How did you do it?
Love, you live here.
There are traces all over the place.
-A glass, chewing gum.
-Hair on your brush.
-I can't believe it.
-Wait, Leo.
I know it may sound like we overstepped.
But I assure you, we
did it for your sake.
All the bullshit you
fed me all my life!
"What does DNA matter, blood?"
"We're a family based
on love and sincerity!"
All bullshit!
Maybe we were wrong…
You have to understand, under Italian law,
we had to figure
out how to protect you.
So you thought you'd
get some traces of me
and send them to a laboratory
without asking me? Well done.
So, who won?
Who's my father?
Who's the winner?
-Well…
-Eh?
This is a question to be addressed calmly.
Paolo's right.
It's a delicate matter.
It doesn't seem that difficult!
Either it's you, or it's you.
Well?
It's neither Paolo nor me.
The DNA says we're not your parents.
What the fuck are you saying?
Listen, Leone.
We need to understand this as well.
In fact, we called Tilly,
and she's on her way.
Yes, your Dede
has to explain to us what happened.
No, Leone, we'll discuss it calmly.
Calmly, Dad?
-Yes.
-Calmly.
Calmly. Go…
You two are insane!
Insane!
-Leo, where are you going?
-Wait.
Fuck off!
Have you seen Jacopo?
At least he's trying.
He was good.
Well done, Jacopo.
I've decided to start a new life.
Listen, my sister said
you're not answering her messages.
I told her you were here.
I hope I haven't messed up.
See you later. Well done.
-Yes, I'll join you in a minute.
-Okay.
What's up, Leo?
-Everything okay?
-Yes.
Go on. I'll…
join you in a minute.
All right. See that you do.
-Leone!
-Has he not got a rope?
What's he doing?
Leone, what the fuck are you doing?
Leone!
-Dario, what now?
-Get the mattresses.
-Is that enough?
-Get the blue ones.
Put them on top.
-Why'd you go up?
-Wait, I'm going higher.
-No, what are you doing?
-Come down! Leone!
-Get down!
-Where the fuck are you going?
You need to come
down, not keep going up!
Leone, please.
Come down.
You're giving us a heart attack.
Leone, look at me and come down.
Leone!
Come down slowly.
Really slowly.
Leone, you've got no rope, please!
You could hurt yourself.
Okay, I'm coming down.
I'm coming down.
God, how can he get down?
Use the blue grips.
The big ones are all good. Use those.
-The grips?
-White and blue.
That one's yellow!
-The white and blue ones!
-Easy, Leone.
Take it easy.
Easy, Leone, easy.
Come down.
-Easy, Leone!
-Leone, easy!
Leone!
My love, how are you?
What happened?
Why did you do it?
I… think I needed
to breathe a bit.
You were tripping.
You don't do that on your own.
You'll never change, Jacopo.
I feel guilty 'cause you got
that stuff from me.
It has nothing to do with you.
I did it all myself.
In fact…
-Don't get up.
-Don't get up, you'll…
I never tell you,
but I love you, my friend.
It's about time.
Come here. Give me a hug.
But take it slow.
We told your folks, though.
What the fuck, Jacopo?
We had to, sorry.
Yeah, but I'm okay.
Yeah, you're in great shape.
Leone! My son's name is Leone!
-How many Leones do you have here?
-Okay…
Leone Ferrari.
We were told he's here.
Are you his mother?
No, I'm his aunt,
and this is his father.
I'm his father. Where is he?
Leone Ferrari, room 103, first floor.
103, first floor.
Where's the first floor?
-Where is it?
-This way.
Leone, my love!
You're still alive!
How are you?
-Everything okay?
-Yeah, fine.
-What did you do?
-Hi, Auntie.
What did you do, honey? Eh?
I fell.
He's just a bit bruised.
The CAT scan came back fine, so…
The doctor said he can go home tomorrow.
No. I want to go home tonight.
What happened?
Nothing, Dad.
I was climbing a rock wall and…
A rock wall?
Without protection.
Sorry, Dad, I fucked up.
We've all been fucking up lately.
I'm sorry.
Everything's all right.
Okay? Everything's all right.
Oh God, I'm going to faint.
I need to sit.
Shall we go?
You've taken 40 years off my life!
We'll go, Mr. Ferrari.
Yes, we'll deal with this.
Thank you. You get some sleep.
Bye.
Thanks. Good night.
We'll call you. Thank you.
Bye, Leone.
Good evening! Leone Ferrari.
He's just been admitted.
Where is he?
-Who are you?
-His father.
His father's already here.
I'm his other dad!
Can you tell me where he is?
Extended family.
Room 103, first floor.
Thank you!
You see that? That kid has two dads,
but mine ran away to America.
Leone!
Darling, how are you?
-Hi, Dad.
-He's fine.
Don't make that face. I'm fine.
What happened?
Nothing really.
He just tried to kill himself
by climbing a 30-foot rock wall
without protective equipment!
Leone.
I know you have lousy parents,
but never do that again.
Don't ever do it again.
It was an accident.
I wasn't suicidal.
Oh God, what a fright you gave me.
Does Auntie know?
What?
The DNA.
Of course, I know everything.
-And what do you think?
-What can I say?
Leo, absolutely nothing changes.
-Of course nothing changes.
-Why should anything change?
And what happens now?
We need to speak to Tilly.
She owes us an explanation.
So the cocktail didn't work?
The cocktail?
It's a family thing.
Good evening!
Yes. And who are you?
I'm his Dede.
His Dede.
Dede.
-I don't understand.
-His Dede.
-His what?
-You already said that.
-Dede!
I don't understand.
His mom!
Of course.
We were actually missing the mother.
Still in Room 103,
still on the first floor.
Where, sorry?
Thank you.
Who's this? The third father?
How extended is this family?
What's happening?
Sit down, Tilly.
You should sit.
This is family business.
You should sort it out among yourselves.
I don't want to know anything
about the… cocktail.
-Bye.
Bye, Monica.
Tilly,
can you explain this?
Leone's old enough.
This is about him.
He should know.
Please.
Please, Tilly.
Tilly, get to the point!
Keep going.
My husband…
Divorce…
Leone…
I really don't know what to say.
-What'll we do now?
-I don't know.
I guess it'll also depend
on what Leroy says.
What does Leroy have to say?
Who cares what Leroy says?
-No, of course.
-He's our son.
We raised him.
We raised you.
All right, Leone?
You're our son.
So is it Leroy? Is it him?
It isn't Leroy?
Tilly, listen, please.
My head's spinning! Help us!
Please, let's finish this.
Help us, please!
Who's the father of our son?
I forgave Tilly.
We all forgave her.
None of us could
be truly angry with her.
After all,
if she hadn't had that moment
of weakness with her ex-husband,
I wouldn't be here
to tell you about it.
And so, thanks to Dede, I now know
my biological father was Stephen…
Easy!
…though I'll never know him.
Tilly believes Stephen has returned
to being the invisible spirit
he was before he was born
and now lights up the Milky Way.
I'll think of him
when I look at the night sky.
The problem, as usual, was what
the Italian law thought about it.
Fortunately, in certain special cases,
adoption can be requested.
And finally, the lawyer
managed to get both their names
on my birth certificate.
And so, in the end,
this strange family
of mine was made whole again.
Well, made whole in a manner of speaking.
Because in the end,
we were a family like any other,
and sometimes families explode.
My life has changed a bit.
Now I have two houses.
I spend some nights
with Dad Simone and his partner,
others with Dad Paolo and…
No, it's just Paolo.
They're no longer together,
but they love me the same as before,
and that's all I ask.
We had so many adventures together,
and we are
and will always be a family forever.
I wanted to tell the story
of my family and its disasters
because I would like the law
to take into account
that a birth
is the result of the complicity
of millions of people.
Men and women
connected by invisible threads,
threads that are a bit tangled too.
But the protagonists of this story
are my parents,
my real parents,
Simone and Paolo.
Thank you…
for having welcomed me,
looked after me, and guided me in this
strange thing that is life.
Well done!
When does love end?
When you come home in the evening
and, finding his socks lying around,
you no longer think he's distracted.
You just want to strangle him
with those socks.
When you realize that…
you no longer understand each other…
that you've taken two different paths.
But if love ends, was it really love?
It was love, yes,
which can be transformed
into friendship at best,
resentment at worst.
If I'd never been born,
how would your life be different?
I don't even want to think about it!
What kind of questions are these?
Come on, Leone, without you… please!
It would have been
a joyless life, colorless.
A life in black and white.
And with him on my own? No way!
Did you turn that off? Turn it off.
Listen, Leone. Listen.
Your father and I probably
won't love each other like before,
but our love created you,
a boy who's now here,
alive, in front of me,
and who deserves
all the love in the world.
Is that switched off?